#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via wslink
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
arviz==0.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest
autograd==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cftime==1.5.1.1
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via tensorflow-probability
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpy
dataclasses==0.6
    # via gpflow
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   paramz
    #   tensorflow-probability
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via gpflow
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
diversipy==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-tree==0.1.6
    # via tensorflow-probability
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
future==0.18.2
    # via autograd
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
gnuplotlib==0.38
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
gpflow==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gpy==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.43.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via markdown
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==12.0.0
    # via tensorflow
llvmlite==0.36.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   salib
    #   seaborn
    #   vtk
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via gpflow
multiprocess==0.70.12.2
    # via pathos
netcdf4==1.5.8
    # via arviz
numba==0.53.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   autograd
    #   cftime
    #   diversipy
    #   gnuplotlib
    #   gpflow
    #   gpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   paramz
    #   pydoe
    #   salib
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   xarray
numpysane==0.35
    # via gnuplotlib
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   gpflow
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   salib
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
paramz==0.9.5
    # via gpy
pathos==0.2.8
    # via salib
pillow==9.0.0
    # via matplotlib
plotly==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pox==0.3.0
    # via pathos
ppft==1.6.6.4
    # via pathos
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via pytest-codestyle
pydoe==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pyfiglet==0.8.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymongo==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-codestyle
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-codestyle==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
salib==1.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   diversipy
    #   gpflow
    #   gpy
    #   paramz
    #   pydoe
    #   salib
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   dm-tree
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   gpy
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   multipledispatch
    #   paramz
    #   plotly
    #   ppft
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via gpflow
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpflow
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.23.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-probability==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==2.0.0
    # via coverage
torch==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   gpflow
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
vtk==9.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   salib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
wslink==1.3.1
    # via vtk
xarray==0.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
